docs: add robots.txt for sitemap (#2083)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/customization.mdx

## Enable sitemap

> Starlight has built-in support for sitemaps, you can read more about [how to enable it here](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/sitemap/#usage).

Reviewer: Thanks @ghostdevv! I should have been clearer, sorry, I think we can still keep the current “how to enable” docs given they are slightly different and the “add link in `<head>`” part is handled by Starlight.

So we can then add a link specifically for `robots.txt`, maybe something like this:

````suggestion
Starlight has built-in support for generating a sitemap. Enable sitemap generation by setting your URL as `site` in `astro.config.mjs`:

```js {4}
// astro.config.mjs

export default defineConfig({
	site: 'https://stargazers.club/',
	integrations: [starlight({ title: 'Site with sitemap' })],
});
```

Learn how to [add a sitemap link to `robots.txt`](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/sitemap/#sitemap-link-in-robotstxt) in the Astro Docs.
````

Author: IMO it feels a little weird to only link for one short instruction which isn't going to change which is why I assumed you meant to link for the entire thing - WDYT? Happy to change if that's the direction you want to go in

Reviewer: My aim here was to optimize for the most important information: a sitemap is important and setting `site` is needed to enable it, so I like highlighting that in the Starlight docs.

Listing the sitemap in `robots.txt` is not essential (Starlight already links to it in `<head>` for you), so linking for that information feels OK to me.
